docs/source/development/contributing.rst, before:

=====================
Contributing to eland
=====================

Eland is an open source project and we love to receive contributions
from our community — you! There are many ways to contribute, from
writing tutorials or blog posts, improving the documentation, submitting
bug reports and feature requests or writing code which can be
incorporated into eland itself.

Bug reports
-----------

If you think you have found a bug in eland, first make sure that you are
testing against the `latest version of
eland <https://github.com/elastic/eland>`__ - your issue may already
have been fixed. If not, search our `issues
list <https://github.com/elastic/eland/issues>`__ on GitHub in case a
similar issue has already been opened.

It is very helpful if you can prepare a reproduction of the bug. In
other words, provide a small test case which we can run to confirm your
bug. It makes it easier to find the problem and to fix it. Test cases
should be provided as python scripts, ideally with some details of your
Elasticsearch environment and index mappings, and (where appropriate) a
pandas example.

Provide as much information as you can. You may think that the problem
lies with your query, when actually it depends on how your data is
indexed. The easier it is for us to recreate your problem, the faster it
is likely to be fixed.

Feature requests
----------------

If you find yourself wishing for a feature that doesn't exist in eland,
you are probably not alone. There are bound to be others out there with
similar needs. Many of the features that eland has today have been added
because our users saw the need. Open an issue on our `issues
list <https://github.com/elastic/eland/issues>`__ on GitHub which
describes the feature you would like to see, why you need it, and how it
should work.

Contributing code and documentation changes
-------------------------------------------

If you have a bugfix or new feature that you would like to contribute to
eland, please find or open an issue about it first. Talk about what you
would like to do. It may be that somebody is already working on it, or
that there are particular issues that you should know about before
implementing the change.

We enjoy working with contributors to get their code accepted. There are
many approaches to fixing a problem and it is important to find the best
approach before writing too much code.

Note that it is unlikely the project will merge refactors for the sake
of refactoring. These types of pull requests have a high cost to
maintainers in reviewing and testing with little to no tangible benefit.
This especially includes changes generated by tools. 

The process for contributing to any of the `Elastic
repositories <https://github.com/elastic/>`__ is similar. Details for
individual projects can be found below.

Fork and clone the repository
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You will need to fork the main eland code or documentation repository
and clone it to your local machine. See `github help
page <https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo>`__ for help.

Further instructions for specific projects are given below.

Submitting your changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Once your changes and tests are ready to submit for review:

1. Test your changes

   Run the test suite to make sure that nothing is broken (TODO add link
   to testing doc).

2. Sign the Contributor License Agreement

   Please make sure you have signed our `Contributor License
   Agreement <https://www.elastic.co/contributor-agreement/>`__. We are
   not asking you to assign copyright to us, but to give us the right to
   distribute your code without restriction. We ask this of all
   contributors in order to assure our users of the origin and
   continuing existence of the code. You only need to sign the CLA once.

3. Rebase your changes

   Update your local repository with the most recent code from the main
   eland repository, and rebase your branch on top of the latest master
   branch. We prefer your initial changes to be squashed into a single
   commit. Later, if we ask you to make changes, add them as separate
   commits. This makes them easier to review. As a final step before
   merging we will either ask you to squash all commits yourself or
   we'll do it for you.

4. Submit a pull request

   Push your local changes to your forked copy of the repository and
   `submit a pull
   request <https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests>`__. In
   the pull request, choose a title which sums up the changes that you
   have made, and in the body provide more details about what your
   changes do. Also mention the number of the issue where discussion has
   taken place, eg “Closes #123”.

Then sit back and wait. There will probably be discussion about the pull
request and, if any changes are needed, we would love to work with you
to get your pull request merged into eland.

Please adhere to the general guideline that you should never force push
to a publicly shared branch. Once you have opened your pull request, you
should consider your branch publicly shared. Instead of force pushing
you can just add incremental commits; this is generally easier on your
reviewers. If you need to pick up changes from master, you can merge
master into your branch. A reviewer might ask you to rebase a
long-running pull request in which case force pushing is okay for that
request. Note that squashing at the end of the review process should
also not be done, that can be done when the pull request is `integrated
via GitHub <https://github.com/blog/2141-squash-your-commits>`__.

Contributing to the eland codebase
----------------------------------

**Repository:** https://github.com/elastic/eland

We internally develop using the PyCharm IDE. For PyCharm, we are
currently using a minimum version of PyCharm 2019.2.4.

Configuring PyCharm And Running Tests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

(All commands should be run from module root)

-  Create a new project via 'Check out from Version Control'->'Git'
   on the "Welcome to PyCharm" page (or other)
-  Enter the URL to your fork of eland
   (e.g. ``git@github.com:stevedodson/eland.git``)
-  Click 'Yes' for 'Checkout from Version Control'
-  Configure PyCharm environment:
-  In 'Preferences' configure a 'Project: eland'->'Project Interpreter'.
   Generally, we recommend creating a virtual environment (TODO link to
   installing for python version support).
-  In 'Preferences' set 'Tools'->'Python Integrated Tools'->'Default
   test runner' to ``pytest``
-  In 'Preferences' set 'Tools'->'Python Integrated Tools'->'Docstring
   format' to ``numpy``
-  Install development requirements. Open terminal in virtual
   environment and run ``pip install -r requirements-dev.txt``
-  Setup Elasticsearch instance (assumes ``localhost:9200``), and run
   ``python -m eland.tests.setup_tests`` to setup test environment -
   *note this modifies Elasticsearch indices*
-  Run ``pytest --doctest-modules`` to validate install

Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Install documentation requirements. Open terminal in virtual
   environment and run ``pip install -r requirements-dev.txt``

Commit message:

Drop support for Python 3.5, add Black

docs/source/development/contributing.rst, after:

=====================
Contributing to eland
=====================

Eland is an open source project and we love to receive contributions
from our community — you! There are many ways to contribute, from
writing tutorials or blog posts, improving the documentation, submitting
bug reports and feature requests or writing code which can be
incorporated into eland itself.

Bug reports
-----------

If you think you have found a bug in eland, first make sure that you are
testing against the `latest version of
eland <https://github.com/elastic/eland>`__ - your issue may already
have been fixed. If not, search our `issues
list <https://github.com/elastic/eland/issues>`__ on GitHub in case a
similar issue has already been opened.

It is very helpful if you can prepare a reproduction of the bug. In
other words, provide a small test case which we can run to confirm your
bug. It makes it easier to find the problem and to fix it. Test cases
should be provided as python scripts, ideally with some details of your
Elasticsearch environment and index mappings, and (where appropriate) a
pandas example.

Provide as much information as you can. You may think that the problem
lies with your query, when actually it depends on how your data is
indexed. The easier it is for us to recreate your problem, the faster it
is likely to be fixed.

Feature requests
----------------

If you find yourself wishing for a feature that doesn't exist in eland,
you are probably not alone. There are bound to be others out there with
similar needs. Many of the features that eland has today have been added
because our users saw the need. Open an issue on our `issues
list <https://github.com/elastic/eland/issues>`__ on GitHub which
describes the feature you would like to see, why you need it, and how it
should work.

Contributing code and documentation changes
-------------------------------------------

If you have a bugfix or new feature that you would like to contribute to
eland, please find or open an issue about it first. Talk about what you
would like to do. It may be that somebody is already working on it, or
that there are particular issues that you should know about before
implementing the change.

We enjoy working with contributors to get their code accepted. There are
many approaches to fixing a problem and it is important to find the best
approach before writing too much code.

Note that it is unlikely the project will merge refactors for the sake
of refactoring. These types of pull requests have a high cost to
maintainers in reviewing and testing with little to no tangible benefit.
This especially includes changes generated by tools. 

The process for contributing to any of the `Elastic
repositories <https://github.com/elastic/>`__ is similar. Details for
individual projects can be found below.

Fork and clone the repository
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You will need to fork the main eland code or documentation repository
and clone it to your local machine. See `github help
page <https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo>`__ for help.

Further instructions for specific projects are given below.

Submitting your changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Once your changes and tests are ready to submit for review:

1. Test your changes

   Run the test suite to make sure that nothing is broken (TODO add link
   to testing doc).

2. Sign the Contributor License Agreement

   Please make sure you have signed our `Contributor License
   Agreement <https://www.elastic.co/contributor-agreement/>`__. We are
   not asking you to assign copyright to us, but to give us the right to
   distribute your code without restriction. We ask this of all
   contributors in order to assure our users of the origin and
   continuing existence of the code. You only need to sign the CLA once.

3. Rebase your changes

   Update your local repository with the most recent code from the main
   eland repository, and rebase your branch on top of the latest master
   branch. We prefer your initial changes to be squashed into a single
   commit. Later, if we ask you to make changes, add them as separate
   commits. This makes them easier to review. As a final step before
   merging we will either ask you to squash all commits yourself or
   we'll do it for you.

4. Submit a pull request

   Push your local changes to your forked copy of the repository and
   `submit a pull
   request <https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests>`__. In
   the pull request, choose a title which sums up the changes that you
   have made, and in the body provide more details about what your
   changes do. Also mention the number of the issue where discussion has
   taken place, eg “Closes #123”.

Then sit back and wait. There will probably be discussion about the pull
request and, if any changes are needed, we would love to work with you
to get your pull request merged into eland.

Please adhere to the general guideline that you should never force push
to a publicly shared branch. Once you have opened your pull request, you
should consider your branch publicly shared. Instead of force pushing
you can just add incremental commits; this is generally easier on your
reviewers. If you need to pick up changes from master, you can merge
master into your branch. A reviewer might ask you to rebase a
long-running pull request in which case force pushing is okay for that
request. Note that squashing at the end of the review process should
also not be done, that can be done when the pull request is `integrated
via GitHub <https://github.com/blog/2141-squash-your-commits>`__.

Contributing to the eland codebase
----------------------------------

**Repository:** https://github.com/elastic/eland

We internally develop using the PyCharm IDE. For PyCharm, we are
currently using a minimum version of PyCharm 2019.2.4.

Configuring PyCharm And Running Tests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

(All commands should be run from module root)

-  Create a new project via 'Check out from Version Control'->'Git'
   on the "Welcome to PyCharm" page (or other)
-  Enter the URL to your fork of eland
   (e.g. ``git@github.com:stevedodson/eland.git``)
-  Click 'Yes' for 'Checkout from Version Control'
-  Configure PyCharm environment:
-  In 'Preferences' configure a 'Project: eland'->'Project Interpreter'.
   Generally, we recommend creating a virtual environment (TODO link to
   installing for python version support).
-  In 'Preferences' set 'Tools'->'Python Integrated Tools'->'Default
   test runner' to ``pytest``
-  In 'Preferences' set 'Tools'->'Python Integrated Tools'->'Docstring
   format' to ``numpy``
-  Install development requirements. Open terminal in virtual
   environment and run ``pip install -r requirements-dev.txt``
-  Setup Elasticsearch instance (assumes ``localhost:9200``), and run
   ``python -m eland.tests.setup_tests`` to setup test environment -
   *note this modifies Elasticsearch indices*
-  Run ``pytest --doctest-modules`` to validate install
-  To test specific versions of Python use ``nox -s test-3.8``
-  To run the automatic formatter and check for lint issues
   run ``nox -s blacken``

Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Install documentation requirements. Open terminal in virtual
   environment and run ``pip install -r requirements-dev.txt``
