docs/guide/overview.asciidoc, before:

[[overview]]
== Overview

Eland is a Python client and toolkit for DataFrames and {ml} in {es}.
Full documentation is available on https://eland.readthedocs.io[Read the Docs].
Source code is available on https://github.com/elastic/eland[GitHub].

[discrete]
=== Compatibility

The library is compatible with all {es} versions since `7.6.x` but you
**have to use a matching major version**:

The recommended way to set your requirements in your `setup.py` or
`requirements.txt` is::

    # Elasticsearch 7.x
    eland>=7,<8

Because Eland uses some experimental APIs for {ml} it
is also recommended to install the same major and minor for `elasticsearch-py`
as your cluster. For example if your cluster is v7.8.1 you would install
like so::

    $ python -m pip install 'eland>=7,<8' 'elasticsearch>=7.8,<7.9'

[discrete]
=== Getting Started

Create a `DataFrame` object connected to an {es} cluster running on `localhost:9200`:

[source,python]
------------------------------------
>>> import eland as ed
>>> df = ed.DataFrame(
...    es_client="localhost:9200",
...    es_index_pattern="flights",
... )
>>> df
       AvgTicketPrice  Cancelled  ... dayOfWeek           timestamp
0          841.265642      False  ...         0 2018-01-01 00:00:00
1          882.982662      False  ...         0 2018-01-01 18:27:00
2          190.636904      False  ...         0 2018-01-01 17:11:14
3          181.694216       True  ...         0 2018-01-01 10:33:28
4          730.041778      False  ...         0 2018-01-01 05:13:00
...               ...        ...  ...       ...                 ...
13054     1080.446279      False  ...         6 2018-02-11 20:42:25
13055      646.612941      False  ...         6 2018-02-11 01:41:57
13056      997.751876      False  ...         6 2018-02-11 04:09:27
13057     1102.814465      False  ...         6 2018-02-11 08:28:21
13058      858.144337      False  ...         6 2018-02-11 14:54:34

[13059 rows x 27 columns]
------------------------------------

Eland can also be used for complex queries and aggregations:

[source,python]
------------------------------------
>>> df[df.Carrier != "Kibana Airlines"].groupby("Carrier").mean(numeric_only=False)
                  AvgTicketPrice  Cancelled                     timestamp
Carrier                                                                  
ES-Air                630.235816   0.129814 2018-01-21 20:45:00.200000000
JetBeats              627.457373   0.134698 2018-01-21 14:43:18.112400635
Logstash Airways      624.581974   0.125188 2018-01-21 16:14:50.711798340
------------------------------------

Commit message:

Add more sections for elastic.co/guide

docs/guide/overview.asciidoc, after:

[[overview]]
== Overview

Eland is a Python client and toolkit for DataFrames and {ml} in {es}.
Full documentation is available on https://eland.readthedocs.io[Read the Docs].
Source code is available on https://github.com/elastic/eland[GitHub].

[discrete]
=== Compatibility

The library is compatible with Python 3.6 and later and all
{es} versions since `7.6.x` but you **have to use a matching major version**:

The recommended way to set your requirements in your `setup.py` or
`requirements.txt` is::

    # Elasticsearch 7.x
    eland>=7,<8

Because Eland uses some experimental APIs for {ml} it
is also recommended to install the same major and minor for `elasticsearch-py`
as your cluster. For example if your cluster is v7.8.1 you would install
like so::

    $ python -m pip install 'eland>=7,<8' 'elasticsearch>=7.8,<7.9'

[discrete]
=== Getting Started

Create a `DataFrame` object connected to an {es} cluster running on `localhost:9200`:

[source,python]
------------------------------------
>>> import eland as ed
>>> df = ed.DataFrame(
...    es_client="localhost:9200",
...    es_index_pattern="flights",
... )
>>> df
       AvgTicketPrice  Cancelled  ... dayOfWeek           timestamp
0          841.265642      False  ...         0 2018-01-01 00:00:00
1          882.982662      False  ...         0 2018-01-01 18:27:00
2          190.636904      False  ...         0 2018-01-01 17:11:14
3          181.694216       True  ...         0 2018-01-01 10:33:28
4          730.041778      False  ...         0 2018-01-01 05:13:00
...               ...        ...  ...       ...                 ...
13054     1080.446279      False  ...         6 2018-02-11 20:42:25
13055      646.612941      False  ...         6 2018-02-11 01:41:57
13056      997.751876      False  ...         6 2018-02-11 04:09:27
13057     1102.814465      False  ...         6 2018-02-11 08:28:21
13058      858.144337      False  ...         6 2018-02-11 14:54:34

[13059 rows x 27 columns]
------------------------------------

[discrete]
==== Elastic Cloud

You can also connect Eland to an Elasticsearch instance in Elastic Cloud:

[source,python]
------------------------------------
>>> import eland as ed
>>> from elasticsearch import Elasticsearch

# First instantiate an 'Elasticsearch' instance connected to Elastic Cloud
>>> es = Elasticsearch(cloud_id="...", api_key=("...", "..."))

# then wrap the client in an Eland DataFrame:
>>> df = ed.DataFrame(es, es_index_pattern="flights")
>>> df.head(5)
       AvgTicketPrice  Cancelled  ... dayOfWeek           timestamp
0          841.265642      False  ...         0 2018-01-01 00:00:00
1          882.982662      False  ...         0 2018-01-01 18:27:00
2          190.636904      False  ...         0 2018-01-01 17:11:14
3          181.694216       True  ...         0 2018-01-01 10:33:28
4          730.041778      False  ...         0 2018-01-01 05:13:00
[5 rows x 27 columns]
------------------------------------

Eland can be used for complex queries and aggregations:

[source,python]
------------------------------------
>>> df[df.Carrier != "Kibana Airlines"].groupby("Carrier").mean(numeric_only=False)
                  AvgTicketPrice  Cancelled                     timestamp
Carrier                                                                  
ES-Air                630.235816   0.129814 2018-01-21 20:45:00.200000000
JetBeats              627.457373   0.134698 2018-01-21 14:43:18.112400635
Logstash Airways      624.581974   0.125188 2018-01-21 16:14:50.711798340
------------------------------------
